snippets: Add snippet for the Zephyr Bluetooth Controller (#80316)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: snippets/bt-ll-sw-split/README.rst

.. _snippet-bt-ll-sw-split:

Zephyr Bluetooth LE Controller (bt-ll-sw-split)
###############################################

> .. code-block:: console
> 
>    west build -S bt-ll-sw-split [...]

Reviewer: Minor suggestion:
```suggestion
You can build with this snippet by following the instructions in :ref:`the snippets usage page<using-snippets>`. When building with `west`, you can do:

.. code-block:: console

   west build -S bt-ll-sw-split [...]
```

Overview
********

> This snippet sets the default Bluetooth controller to the Zephyr Bluetooth LE Controller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This snippet selects the Zephyr Bluetooth LE Controller.
```
